# Dolgov, Dmitri, et al. "Practical search techniques in path planning for autonomous driving." Ann Arbor 1001 (2008): 48105.

There are two challenges for trajectory planning this paper consider:
1. All robot controls, hence trajectories, are continuous, so path-planning is non-linear optimization problem.
2. Cost function over paths is needed to prefer paths near-optimal in lenght, but smooth and with comfortable distance to obstacles.

## Challenge 1.

This paper solves challenge 1. in following manner. First step uses heuristic with usually near optimum solution, where Hybrid-State A\* Search algorithm is used. Hybrid-State means that each node is associated with continuous 3D state of the vehicle. The result is not guarenteed to find min-cost, but it's guaranteed to be driveable. The main advantage of Hybrid-State A\* is in maneuvers in tight spaces, where discretization error is critical. Heuristics used are called "non-holonomic-without-obstacles" used to prune search branches approaching the goal with the wrong headings and "holonomic-with-obstacles" used to discover dead-ends. Maximum of the two is used. This forward search is augmented with analytic expansions based on the Reed-Shepp model, improving search speed, where simulating a kinematic model of the car for a small period of time is used. Reed-Shepp extension applied to one of N nodes (N determined by heuristic).

In the second step, conjugate gradient improves the solution by eliminating unnatural swerving and unnecessary steering. The first stage is non-linear optimization program on the coordinates used to improve length and smoothness, the second stage "performs non-parametric interpolation using another iteration of conjugate gradient with higher-resolution path discretization".

## Challenge 2.

This paper solves challenge 2. in following manner. The Voronoi Field, which the biggest advantage is that it is scaled, so even narrow openings remain navigable, is used.
