# Werling, Moritz, et al. "Optimal trajectory generation for dynamic street scenarios in a frenet frame." Robotics and Automation (ICRA), 2010 IEEE International Conference on. IEEE, 2010.

Optimal control based solution for generating trajectory proposed. "... it
generates velocity invariant movement and transfers velocity and distance
control to the planning level". The method is capable of realizing high-level
decisions (on behavioral level) and also performs emergency obstacle avoidance
(critical situations). The method has the guaranteed stability.

The navigation task is separated into real time trajectory generation and
subsequent local stabilization through trajectory tracking feedback control.
Trajectory tracking problem formulated in an optimal sense (consistency in the
choice of the best feasible trajectory over the time - Bellman's Principle of
Optimality).

## Problems
* Under simplified conditions (i.e. DARPA), driving maneuvers can be tackled
  with simple heuristic anc conservative estimates.
* In real world situations (highway, high traffic/driving speed), trajectory
  concepts come into play.

## Related works
* Find global trajectory, but lack unpredictability of the other traffic.
* Trajectory planning follow a discrete optimization scheme:
  1. A finite set of trajectories computed (by forward integration of described
    dynamics of vehicle).
  2. Trajectory that minimize cost function selected.
  * Can lead to suboptimality.

## Frenet Frame
## Lateral movement
## Longitudinal movement
## Combining lateral and longitudinal
